{"time":7543.299999952316,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":"I'm going to turn off the screen saver"}
{"time":10264.799999952316,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" only using the mouse"}
{"time":17378.099999964237,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" and clicking the start menu and navigate to the control panel"}
{"time":25850.299999952316,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" I switched the control panel to Classic view because that's easier to use"}
{"time":34957.19999998808,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" opening the display settings"}
{"time":44454.299999952316,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" switching to the screen saver tab and selecting the non-screen saver"}
{"time":51340.19999998808,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" I'm confirming this choice by hitting okay"}
{"time":59852.799999952316,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" now I'm going to"}
{"time":63035.69999998808,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" go to the power settings"}
{"time":65543.09999996424,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" how our options"}
{"time":74455.79999995232,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" I'm selecting the always on schema"}
{"time":80038.79999995232,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" but I make sure that the monitor never gets turned off"}
{"time":85058,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" so I'm taking on the turn off monitor"}
{"time":89959.39999997616,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" options and select never"}
{"time":93046.89999997616,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" as the time intervalid again"}
{"time":98160.29999995232,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" closing this confirming disbank hitting okay"}
{"time":101754.29999995232,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" I can now close to control panel"}
{"time":104348.79999995232,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" that's it I'm done"}